hubble: Add "flows-to-world" metric (#17790)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/operations/metrics.rst

Options
"""""""

This metric supports :ref:`Context Options<hubble_context_options>`.

``flows-to-world``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> This metric counts flows that contain ``reserved:world`` label in the destination
> identity. By default, it counts dropped flows if and only if the drop reason is
> ``Policy denied``. Set ``any-drop`` option to count all dropped flows.

Reviewer: I've also been confused about what the metrics count and wrongly thought it only counted dropped flows. I would slightly reword the documentation to make it (hopefully) clearer:
```suggestion
This metric counts all flows containing the ``reserved:world`` label in their destination
identity. By default, dropped flows are counted if and only if the drop reason is
``Policy denied``. Set ``any-drop`` option to count all dropped flows.
```

================================ ======================================== ========================================
Name                             Labels                                   Description
================================ ======================================== ========================================

> ``flows_to_world_total``         ``protocol``, ``verdict``                Total number of flows to reserved:world.

Reviewer 2: I find the metric name confusing. It is a total count of **denied** flows to world but the name suggests it's a count of flows to world. What about something like `dropped_flows_to_world_total` which would count any dropped flows regardless of the reason by default, with an option key `denied` which would only count dropped flows that were actually denied?

Reviewer 2: OK, re-reading, it seems that this is a metric that counts all flows to world after all. However, I somehow read the doc as "all flows to world which are dropped by policy". I didn't have a :coffee: this morning yet so it could be me. If not, please, improve the doc on this point :)

> ================================ ======================================== ========================================
> Name                             Labels                                   Description
> ================================ ======================================== ========================================
> ``flows_to_world_total``         ``protocol``, ``verdict``                Total number of flows to reserved:world.
> ================================ ======================================== ========================================

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
================================ ======================================== ============================================
Name                             Labels                                   Description
================================ ======================================== ============================================
``flows_to_world_total``         ``protocol``, ``verdict``                Total number of flows to ``reserved:world``.
================================ ======================================== ============================================
```

Options
"""""""

============== ============= ======================================================
Option Key     Option Value  Description
============== ============= ======================================================
``any-drop``   N/A           Count any dropped flows regardless of the drop reason.

> ``port``       N/A           Include the destination port as label "port"

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
``port``       N/A           Include the destination port as label ``port``.
```
